Update cloud-billing.rst (#4509)
mattermost/docs: source/overview/mattermost-cloud-overview.rst

How much does Mattermost Cloud cost?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Mattermost Cloud Professional is $10 USD per user, per month as a pay-as-you-go subscription. If you have over 1000 users please contact us.

Reviewer: @wiersgallak - Does this line need to change as well?

Author: I chose to keep this to what will be released as the new process.

Mattermost Cloud Enterprise is an annual subscription. Please contact us for a quote.    

How can customers trial Mattermost Cloud?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Mattermost Cloud Professional edition is available to trial for 14 days. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mattermost Cloud Professional edition is available to try free for up to 14 days. 
```
